PLAT-126939: Separate labels for navigation buttons in WizardPanels (#902)
enactjs/sandstone: CHANGELOG.md

- `sandstone/PopupTabLayout` to collapse its tab only when a user enters a menu
- `sandstone/Scroller` focus rule to match latest UX when `focusableScrollbar` prop is `byEnter`
- `sandstone/Scroller` and `sandstone/VirtualList` to hide the scrollbar after N seconds

> - `sandstone/WizardPanels.Panel` buttons to show labels separately to match latest designs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sandstone/WizardPanels.Panel` `nextButton` and `prevButton` to show labels separately to match latest designs
```
